Add init docs for OpenLab (#1)
theopenlab/publications: Member_Application.md

> # Member Application

Reviewer: What is this related to? Member application for using resources?

To be a member of OpenLab follow the simple steps below:

> * Submit an issue to [apply to join](https://github.com/theopenlab/joinin/issues/new) first, fill your basic information, the way you will support to OpenLab and so on

Reviewer 2: Please use numbered list to show the step order.
```
1.
2.
3.
```

> * Submit an issue to [apply to join](https://github.com/theopenlab/joinin/issues/new) first, fill your basic information, the way you will support to OpenLab and so on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Open an issue to [apply to join](https://github.com/theopenlab/ocean/issues/new/choose) first, fill out the form completely with as much detail, for example the way you will support to OpenLab
```

Author: we still have to discuss the repo where to open the issue.

* The governance team owner will assign a role to you based on your information, then will contact you and send you an invitation email, please confirm it and reply to us
* Then you are the member of OpenLab, and the application issue will be closed by governance team owner

> * Welcome to the playground! As a member of OpenLab, do what you want using the OpenLab resources! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Welcome to the playground! As a member of OpenLab, ~~do what you want using the OpenLab resources~~!
```
